everybody is Ricardo and we are here at
Sonny's Japan offices and I'm standing
with Shuhei Yoshida who is head of
worldwide development and we've just
seen what the NGP which is next
generation portable which you the
internet probably knows is the PSP 24
now so talk to us about the games that
we saw today and how you guys are
approaching developers to get support
yeah so we have shown the some
correctionville games that we are
developing under worldwide studios some
of them you know we show the live demo
or games like Uncharted Hot Shots Golf
and little deviants and the also you
know we are offering the development kit
to the developers you know in the US and
Europe as well and soon you know we'll
see many more games coming out of
third-party development communities on
MGP now the initial list of publishers
we've seen is very Japanese focused
although we did see some obviously from
the west so how important is it to have
Japanese Western developers supply
content for the hardware at its Western
launch of course it's a crucial to have
you know the very wide universe support
from western South party publishers not
our you know some third-party mediation
school he's working very hard to get the
support and come III will be able to
announce more you know third party unity
support now one of the features that was
shown off was the ability to play
original PSP games on this device and it
seems like they they do get a bit of a
facelift running on the hardware so you
can talk to us about the backwards
compatibility yes you got the King I yes
the NGP has a backup comfortability to
the PSP games thus
PSN so as long as it's a downloadable
PSP games you know that we'll walk on
NGP with the you know a little bit of a
slip in terms of the actual software for
this so we've seen a variety of
different games are they going to be
like media-based are they going to be
downloadable so we've seen on the hit
and the current PSP there was a push for
digital downloads for software but we
did see at today's conference there was
a new new media that you guys kind of
introduced oh this is cartridge-based
yes we are in two ways to get games onto
NGP you know one is the digital download
you know we expect one more people will
choose the detail download in route but
at the same time someone's games are
very large in size and the some people
do not have in a very fast in the
connectivity so you know we are offering
we are developing a new card based media
using crush memory technology so that
you can go to a game store on purchase
games on cartridge I mean game card on
the program playing your favorite game
now will we see the same situation we've
seen on the original PSP where there
will be a physical version of games and
a digital download or is it going to be
separated yes there'll be pizza Co based
on the download base but more and more
games will be over you know two options
in the two cultures and the world where
studio games will be available you know
large games will be available on the
boards in detail download and
come on small games will be exclusive to
detail down now who is it does the
system have internal storage and doesn't
have support for memory cards that's one
of them the point we're a little hazy on
mm-hmm NGP I will have two shots one is
the slope for the Gamecock that you
cultures from the store and the other is
the media card that we are developing
that you know you can store your own in
a personal data like a photos or videos
or you know downloaded games as was you
know a game card you purchase from
retail detailer you can save your game
saves you know on the card itself as
well as you know some games will have
you know download contents you can also
say you know download the contents of
the game cards itself now what media
card you mentioned that there will be
kind of like a memory stick for this
hardware what is it gonna what they're
going to support we are developing in a
proprietary you know new moon babu
memory card so you know you can store at
all so different contents on and there's
also been questioned about is this as
powerful as the ps3 I think we've seen
some demos that kind of hinted at that
so what can you tell us about the actual
the graphical muscle of this machine how
comparable is it to the PlayStation 3
well this is definitely closer to ps3
you know when you compare PSP to you
know ps3 so we are very excited that and
also we developed the you know features
and development tools so that the real
pals can use their you know asset and
your techniques in programming efforts
on ps3 to be able too easy move over to
NGP so you know its design as very
developer friendly you know when you are
the real power for you know ps3 you know
developing games on NGP
would be very very easy now the other
thing we've seen is that the
connectivity of device is going to
happen and the games especially can we
expect now to have kind of our PSN ID
move from the ps3 to the NGP and include
elements like our trophies and and game
data at that nature basically you know
in GP support PSN and the you know you
can use the same in a PSN ID to go on to
PSN home NGP and on NGP we are in a
planning to bring a lot more features
you know from what we are offering you
know on ps3 including trophies to NGP as
well as developing you know some
exclusive new features and PSN features
on NGP including the service we
announced today in cornea that make you
so you know location-based technology
that NDP uniquely ours all right well
thank you sir the big question everybody
has and you may or may not be able to
answer it is when's it coming out and
how much it's going to cost we are
trying to start listening VP data this
year on the cost of price of the NGP
where you have to wait a little bit hold
out all right thank you very much for
there you go that is your first look at
the NGP next-generation portable which
is a working a working name we don't
expect that's what it's going to launch
with so thank you sir and we'll have
more for you in the months to come
you